Sister Hong
Open it and see
Is there a gun in there?
Sister Hong, I promise you
I, Cai Mengmeng, can open you up if I am loyal to you
What!
You paid me a big ticket before, your dividend
These are really for me
No, I can't.
All the money earned by Sister Hong's company is yours and yours
What about the cash?
Just a part of it.
There's another one.
Mengmeng
Do you like it?
Well, as long as you follow me, it's fine.
I will let you enjoy
The happiest creature in the world
But Sister Hong has a warning
Dare to have other thoughts
Don't blame Sister Hong for being cold-blooded
It's Sister Hong, these really belong to me, take them
I'm really dying for money and birds for food